* sVim 0.1
  - [Repository](https://github.com/leocus/codeassistant.vim)

* Files in the Repository:
  - .gitignore
    # Specifies files and directories to be ignored by git.
  - docs/bootstrapper-example.lua
    # Example Lua script for bootstrapping.
  - docs/lazyvim.txt
    # Documentation for LazyVim.
  - init.lua
    # Main initialization file for the project.
  - lazyvim.json
    # Configuration file for LazyVim.
  - lua/config/autocmds.lua
    # Contains autocommand configurations.
  - lua/config/keymaps.lua
    # Defines key mappings.
  - lua/config/lazy.lua
    # Configuration for lazy loading plugins.
  - lua/config/options.lua
    # Sets various options for the environment.
  - lua/core/bootstrap.lua
    # Core bootstrap logic for the application.
  - lua/core/plugins/colorscheme.lua
    # Plugin configuration for color schemes.
  - lua/core/plugins/copilot-chat.lua
    # Configuration for Copilot Chat plugin.
  - lua/core/plugins/copilot.lua
    # Configuration for Copilot plugin.
  - lua/core/plugins/disable.lua
    # Disables certain plugins.
  - lua/core/plugins/lazydev.lua
    # Configuration for LazyDev plugin.
  - lua/core/plugins/neorg.lua
    # Configuration for Neorg plugin.
  - lua/core/plugins/which-key.lua
    # Configuration for Which-Key plugin.
  - lua/dev/plugins/fzf.lua
    # Configuration for FZF plugin.
  - lua/utils/functions.lua
    # Utility functions used across the project.
  - lua/utils/icons.lua
    # Icon definitions for the UI.

* .gitignore
  # Specifies files and directories to be ignored by git.
* README.norg
  # Documentation and task list for the project.
* docs/bootstrapper-example.lua
  # Example Lua script for bootstrapping.
* docs/lazyvim.txt
  # Documentation for LazyVim.
* init.lua
  # Main initialization file for the project.
* lazyvim.json
  # Configuration file for LazyVim.
* lua/config/autocmds.lua
  # Contains autocommand configurations.
* lua/config/keymaps.lua
  # Defines key mappings.
* lua/config/lazy.lua
  # Configuration for lazy loading plugins.
* lua/config/options.lua
  # Sets various options for the environment.
* lua/core/bootstrap.lua
  # Core bootstrap logic for the application.
* lua/core/plugins/colorscheme.lua
  # Plugin configuration for color schemes.
* lua/core/plugins/copilot-chat.lua
  # Configuration for Copilot Chat plugin.
* lua/core/plugins/copilot.lua
  # Configuration for Copilot plugin.
* lua/core/plugins/disable.lua
  # Disables certain plugins.
* lua/core/plugins/lazydev.lua
  # Configuration for LazyDev plugin.
* lua/core/plugins/neorg.lua
  # Configuration for Neorg plugin.
* lua/core/plugins/which-key.lua
  # Configuration for Which-Key plugin.
* lua/dev/plugins/fzf.lua
  # Configuration for FZF plugin.
* lua/utils/functions.lua
  # Utility functions used across the project.
* lua/utils/icons.lua
  # Icon definitions for the UI.
